PD-345 SchedulePolicy CRD reference page (#913)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/disaster-recovery/async-dr/_index.md

  storageStatus: ""
```

## Schedule a migration

To schedule a migration, you must create a schedule policy.

### Create a schedule policy

> 1. Paste the following content into a file called `testpolicy.yaml`:
> 
>     ```text
>     apiVersion: stork.libopenstorage.org/v1alpha1
>     kind: SchedulePolicy
>     metadata:
>       name: testpolicy
>       namespace: mysql
>     policy:
>       interval:
>         intervalMinutes: 1
>       daily:
>         time: "10:14PM"
>       weekly:
>         day: "Thursday"
>         time: "10:13PM"
>       monthly:
>         date: 14
>         time: "8:05PM"
>     ```

Reviewer: Are schedule policies elaborated on elsewhere? if they are, we might want to link to the reference here so users can find information about the fields. If not, we should list that in the usual fashion:

```suggestion
1. Create a schedule policy spec called `testpolicy.yaml`, specify your own values for the following fields:

     * **policy.interval:** with the ???
     * **policy.daily:** with the time at which an associated backup will trigger every day.
     * **policy.weekly:** with the day and time an associated backup will trigger per week.
     * **policy.monthly:** with the associated day and time an associated backup will trigger per month. 

    ```text
    apiVersion: stork.libopenstorage.org/v1alpha1
    kind: SchedulePolicy
    metadata:
      name: testpolicy
      namespace: mysql
    policy:
      interval:
        intervalMinutes: 1
      daily:
        time: "10:14PM"
      weekly:
        day: "Thursday"
        time: "10:13PM"
      monthly:
        date: 14
        time: "8:05PM"
    ```
```

Author: Yes, we link to the reference page
`For details about schedule policies, see the [Schedule Policy](/reference/crd/schedule-policy/) reference page.`

2. Apply your spec by entering the following command:

    ```text
    kubectl apply -f testpolicy.yaml
    ```

3. Display your schedule policy. Enter the `storkctl get` command passing it the name of your policy:

    ```text
    storkctl get schedulepolicy
    ```

    ```output
    NAME           INTERVAL-MINUTES   DAILY     WEEKLY             MONTHLY
    testpolicy     1                  10:14PM   Thursday@10:13PM   14@8:05PM
    ```

> For details about schedule policies, see the [Schedule Policy](/reference/crd/schedule-policy/) reference page.

Author: @nathan-px
